# NewsHighlight

This python web-app was created in order to retrieve news information using an API.Developed during Moringa Core. This is Week 4's Independent Project.
Date: 5th October 2018
By: Donald Kiplagat

## Description
This web-app allows the user to choose news from a particular source and view the articles within that source.

## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Live site can be accessed from the following link https://newshighlight-donald.herokuapp.com/


### Known Bugs
Some sources have no news thus the page will be blank.
The panels are sometimes irregular due to different image/description sizes.

### Behaviour Driven Development
* The program should return a source's articles when chosen.<br> 
Given: Sources are available<br>
When: A source is chosen<br>
Then: Articles from that source are shown<br>

* The program should create a new user when SignUp is chosen.<br>
Given:User doesn't have an account<br>
When: User chooses "SignUp" <br>
Then: The user should be able to create an account<br>


* The program should display all accounts when "ViewAccounts" is chosen.<br>
Given: User wants to check his accounts<br>	
When: User chooses "ViewAccounts" from the options<br>
Then: A list of all his/her accounts are displayed.
 
* When the user chooses to generate a password an automatic password will be generated by the system.


### Technologies Used
* Atom was the source code editor of choice.
* Git and Github were used as my local and online repositories respectively.
* Python Shell Terminal was used for launching the application.


### Support and contact details
* Contact me through my email: donald.k.kiplagat@gmail.com
* The source code is also contained within the folder containing this ReadMe with comments on the code thus third-party support can be offered.

### License
Moringa School
Copyright (c)2018 **Password Locker by Yours Truly-Donald Kiplagat**
  
